README.md, before:

# quick_pp

Python package to assist in providing quick-look/ preliminary petrophysical estimation.
![quick_pp demo](docs/static/quick_pp_demo.gif)

## Quick Start (Jupyter Notebook Examples)
1. Create virtual environment (tested working with Python3.10.9)
    > python -m venv venv

2. Activate virtual environment
    > venv\Scripts\activate (Windows)

    > source venv/bin/activate (Linux)

3. Install requirements
    > pip install -r requirements.txt

4. Launch the notebook and run the cells
    - 01_data_handler: create the MOCK qppp project file.
    - 02_EDA: quick look on the data
    - 03_*: quick petropohysical interpretation of the MOCK wells.
    - For API notebook, need to run the following before running the cells
        > uvicorn quick_pp.api.main:app

## Install
To install, use the following command:  
  
  `pip install quick_pp`

To use qpp_assistant, you would need to;
1. Install Ollama
2. Run `ollama pull qwen3` in the terminal

## CLI

To train an ML model, these are the requirements;  
1. The input file in parquet format need to be available; /data/input/<data_hash>___.parquet
2. The parquet file need to have the input and target features as specified in MODELLING_CONFIG in config.py.
> quick_pp train <model_config> <data_hash>

> Example >> quick_pp train mock mock

To run the MLflow server 
> quick_pp mlflow-server

You can access the mlflow server at http://localhost:5015

To run prediction, the trained models need to be registered in MLflow first.
> quick_pp predict <model_config> <data_hash>

> Example >> quick_pp predict mock mock

To deploy the trained ML models 
> quick_pp model-deployment

You can access the deployed model Swagger UI at http://localhost:5555/docs

To start the App 
> quick_pp app

You can then access the Swagger UI at http://localhost:8888/docs and qpp_assistant at http://localhost:8888/qpp_assistant.

To use the mcp tools, you would need to first add the following SSE URLS through the interface;
http://localhost:8888/mcp - quick_pp tools.

http://localhost:5555/mcp - quick_pp ML model prediction tools (need to run `quick_pp model-deployment` first).

## Documentation
Documentation is available at:
<https://quick-pp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html>

Commit message:

add init_db.py to initialize the postgresql schema

README.md, after:

# quick_pp

Python package to assist in providing quick-look/ preliminary petrophysical estimation.
![quick_pp demo](docs/static/quick_pp_demo.gif)

## Quick Start (Jupyter Notebook Examples)
1. Create virtual environment (tested working with Python3.10.9)
    > python -m venv venv

2. Activate virtual environment
    > venv\Scripts\activate (Windows)

    > source venv/bin/activate (Linux)

3. Install requirements
    > pip install -r requirements.txt

4. Launch the notebook and run the cells
    - 01_data_handler: create the MOCK qppp project file.
    - 02_EDA: quick look on the data
    - 03_*: quick petropohysical interpretation of the MOCK wells.
    - For API notebook, need to run the following before running the cells
        > uvicorn quick_pp.api.main:app

## Install
To install, use the following command:  
  
  `pip install quick_pp`

To use qpp_assistant, you would need to;
1. Install Ollama
2. Run `ollama pull qwen3` in the terminal
3. Run `docker-compose up -d`
4. Run `python init_db.py`

## CLI

To train an ML model, these are the requirements;  
1. The input file in parquet format need to be available; /data/input/<data_hash>___.parquet
2. The parquet file need to have the input and target features as specified in MODELLING_CONFIG in config.py.
> quick_pp train <model_config> <data_hash>

> Example >> quick_pp train mock mock

To run the MLflow server 
> quick_pp mlflow-server

You can access the mlflow server at http://localhost:5015

To run prediction, the trained models need to be registered in MLflow first.
> quick_pp predict <model_config> <data_hash>

> Example >> quick_pp predict mock mock

To deploy the trained ML models 
> quick_pp model-deployment

You can access the deployed model Swagger UI at http://localhost:5555/docs

To start the App 
> quick_pp app

You can then access the Swagger UI at http://localhost:8888/docs and qpp_assistant at http://localhost:8888/qpp_assistant.
You can enter any username and password to login the qpp_assistant.

To use the mcp tools, you would need to first add the following SSE URLS through the interface;
http://localhost:8888/mcp - quick_pp tools.

http://localhost:5555/mcp - quick_pp ML model prediction tools (need to run `quick_pp model-deployment` first).

## Documentation
Documentation is available at:
<https://quick-pp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html>
